this is the last tagging game and we're
going to start off with introducing
ourselves here oh oh jane jing rylar
term Indian so we have six questions and
each and everyone one so funny personal
treating Russia with our lady whoa
playable ma when was last time you ate
our pizza left but to prepare hotel
still planned by the pulpit done so we
will get my dreams every day man numbers
will keep the Wombles olmak what I cool
a one-and-one loud ish we enjoyed the
most me back to my butt inside body cuz
I'm like a Christmas special massage
here I'm good here Mary yes I'm cool
name one last household item that best
resembles
yeah here is the best I had okay okay
but again the signature card allows
local would take over the fuck are you
from
sure ok ok move on moving on number six
do you have a tattoo of the house or
three headed elephant somewhere on your
body yes I do right here about the house
timeout stuck right here stop leaping oh
isn't it sexy oh oh ooh South for Lao
yes I vows to God it's on okay yes five
hours of our hike thanks thanks to
thanks to resident artists actually took
two hours yes it took two hours she's
lying it's just a bruise and she drew on
it I didn't know look it's regal oh
that's a come on okay not gonna happen
without the cup all right we are tagging
for people taking for more time swinging
them you guys Devin no x limiter amber
Asian Punk's rd uh Andy apple pie young
and hairy the guy Hsieh Hsieh Hsieh
whatever well yeah you guys get the
picture x oh that ends our a little tag
tag you're it okay tact don't touch me
bags no tagbacks biotech max bye is that
all buddy be my I see you there Michelle
affirm my color man funky a me some p.m.
wait so the prize so exciting no all of
the friends but soon you'll be so
exciting yes some 10 someone okay cut